Image 1.
Setup columns in your Google Sheet for each piece of data you want to track.



Image 2.
Select 'Named Ranges' from the 'Data' menu in the Google Sheets menu bar.



Image 3.
Select the LETTER for each column you want to make into a named range, then click 'Add a range' at the top of the 'Named Ranges' sidebar.

Keep your names simple, short and free of spaces.



Image 4.
When you are finished creating your named ranges, select 'Script Editor' from the 'Tools' menu in the Google Sheets menu bar.



Image 5.
Copy and paste the entire contents of the "scrapeSlack_dumpToGoogleSheets_script.txt" file into the Script Editor window.



Image 6.
Return to your Google Sheet. Highlight and copy the end of the sheets URL—this is your Sheet ID, it will be a long, garbled string of characters.

If there are any slashes at the end, like "/edit", ignore those portions.

Return to the Script Editor window and paste your sheet ID into the script where instructed.



Image 7.
Now go to your slack teams URL, followed by "/apps". 

Example: CoolAwesomeTeam.slack.com/apps

Select "Build" from the top right menu



Image 8.
Select "Custom Integration"



Image 9.
Select "Outgoing Webhooks"



Image 10.
Select "Add Outgoing Webhooks Integration"



Image 11.
Fill out your integration settings as necessary.

Leave the URL(s) blank for now.

Copy the token out of the text field. 



Image 12.
Return to your script editor window.

Paste your Slack token where instructed.



Image 13.
Select "Publish" from the menu bar of your script editor window.

Then select "Deploy as web app"

Be sure to set the version to "New"



Image 14.
Be sure to set "Execute App as" to: "Me"

And set "Who Has Access to this App" to: "Anyone, even anonymous".

Select the blue Deploy or Update button at the bottom



Image 15.
Copy the URL from the Deploy as Web App field, then select OK.



Image 16.
Return to your Slack Integration Settings and paste the web app URL you just copied into the URL(s) field that we left blank earlier.



Image 17.
Send a test message on the slack channel you have added your integration to.



Image 18.
You should see your data come through into your google sheet moments after you send your slack message.



Enjoy.
questions? @jkruszyn








